What is the best way to get rid of your boss for a day?
What absurd excuse would you use to skip a meeting?
If your boss were an animal, what would they be and why?
What is the worst possible time to say, “I forgot”?
What would you do if you were invisible for 10 minutes at the office?
What is the most useless superpower you could have at work?
What message should never be sent to the work group chat?
What is the best completely made-up excuse for being late?
What would you do if you were the boss for one day?
What is the most dramatic way to ask for time off?
Which office object would win an imaginary fight?
What is the first thing you would hide if your boss showed up unexpectedly?
What is the most dangerous word to say in a meeting?
What would you do if the printer started talking?
What is the best line to use when you have done nothing all day?
What excuse would you give if you fell asleep during a meeting?
If your laptop could talk, what would it expose about you?
What is the worst name for a new department?
What would you put on your office door so nobody bothers you?
What is the most ridiculous KPI ever invented?
What would you do if your boss asked you to work with a smile on your face?
What is the best way to look busy while doing absolutely nothing?
What job title would you give yourself if you could choose anything?
What is the worst password for a work computer?
What would you say if someone asked, “Did you finish the task?” and you had not started it?
What is the best excuse for keeping your camera off on Zoom?
What would you do if meetings were made illegal?
What is the most annoying sound in an office?
What would you write in an elegant but passive-aggressive email?
What is the best way to escape giving a presentation?
If the office were a reality show, what would it be called?
Which coworker would survive longest on a deserted island?
What would you take from the office during an apocalypse?
What is the weirdest workplace rule you would invent?
What would you do if coffee disappeared forever?
What is the best way to avoid an awkward phone call?
What would you say if you were caught eating someone else’s food from the fridge?
What is the worst possible time to hit “Reply All”?
What would you do if your keyboard only typed in CAPS LOCK?
What is the most ridiculous punishment for being late to a meeting?
What would you do if your boss asked for a report about the report?
What is the most useless app that should be invented for the office?
What would you put on your résumé if you were completely honest?
What is the best excuse for not answering an email?
What would you do if every chair in the office disappeared?
What is the worst office Secret Santa gift?
What would you say if your boss asked why you were laughing by yourself?
What is the most dramatic way to leave a meeting?
What superpower should every employee have?
What is the most useless thing you do to look productive?
What would happen if your boss could read every employee’s thoughts?
What is the best way to turn a 5-minute break into a 30-minute break?
What would you do if your entire salary were paid in loose change?
What is the weirdest phrase you have heard in an office?
What would you say if you accidentally joined the wrong meeting?
What is the worst slogan for a company?
What animal should be the company mascot?
What is the best excuse for leaving work early?
What would you do if the elevator only went to your boss’s floor?
What is the most useless feature you would add to email?
What would you do if your boss demanded applause after every idea?
What is the best way to dodge a difficult question?
What would you say if someone suggested “a quick meeting”?
What is the biggest lie people tell at the office?
What would you do if every task came with dramatic background music?
What is the worst place to hide a snack?
What would you say if you were caught staring out the window for 20 minutes?
What is the best excuse for forgetting a password?
What would you do if your mouse refused to work?
What is the most pointless meeting imaginable?
What would you do if your boss only spoke in proverbs?
What is the most ridiculous reason to take a day off?
What would you do if every email had to be sung out loud?
What is the worst thing to say in a job interview?
What would you do if you could mute one person in real life?
What is the best way to pretend you understand something complicated?
What would you say if someone asked, “Did you read the document?” and you had not opened it?
What is the best invention for exhausted employees?
What would you do if lunch breaks became an Olympic sport?
What is the weirdest thing you would put on your desk?
What would you do if your boss made everyone wear costumes on Monday?
What is the best excuse for forgetting a coworker’s birthday?
What would you do if the office had a panic button?
What is the worst team-building idea?
What would you say if you had to give a speech about a stapler?
What is the most ridiculous way to motivate employees?
What would you do if the printer called in sick?
What is the most useless award a company could give out?
What would you say if your boss announced, “I have a small idea”?
What is the best way to avoid being volunteered for something?
What would you do if every task had a deadline of yesterday?
Which phrase is more dangerous: “It won’t take long” or “It’s simple”?
What would you do if you could rename any meeting?
What is the best excuse for not turning on your camera?
What would you say if you received a task with no explanation at all?
What is the worst thing to say when your boss walks into the room?
What would you do if coffee cost minutes of your life?
What is the most ridiculous office rule you would actually follow?
What would you do if Monday were a person?
What is the best way to survive a three-hour meeting?
